---
layout:     post
title:      "Episode 1: Wakin' up in a cave"
subtitle:   "Who the f**k is Droop?"
date:       2015-08-21 12:00:00
author:     "Bipol Alam"
header-img: "img/post-bg-02.jpg"
---


<h2 class="section-heading">Droop Troop</h2>

>Jamarrow sings his Song of Rest, allowing his comrades to get a full rest in just 2 hours! They are stirred from their lullaby by the cries
>of Droop, a goblin that they had saved within this cavern resting under Tresendar Manor.

### Brief Recap:
The manor was once infested by a gang of red cloaks, once, as the party had captured Glass Staff, their leader.  However, they never fully explored the area, allowing the still remaining residents to prepare for their return.

Three Bug Bears surprised the heroes when they came back the next day.  Tim's failure at sensing a Bug Bear behind a door left him under it, with a broken nose as proof.  
After disposing of the Bug Bears, the heroes fought and killed a one eyed psychic monster, and found a slick looking +1 Long Sword.  Tim kept it. The party was broken and bruised from the fights, and decided to take a short rest before the next day..

### Bloody Knuckles
Shields, the party's new monk companion, haphazardly forged ahead with the care of a marauding barbarian.  Luckily, there were no traps to fall into or baddies to roll against - that is, until he found a door emanating the sounds of the ancient game of bloody knuckles.

Shields opens the door to behold a fetid room filled with the smell of spilt ale and spittle. At its center was a table where four stout bandits sat, all were red-knuckled, two were readying for the next bout. Shields quickly challenged them to a duel, noting that their drunken oaf brains wouldn't dare dismiss a fight.  They accepted him as their own, as the rest of the party listened quietly in the hall outside.

Shield's opponent was quite the meaty beast.  His belly sagged liked a glad bag filled with molten garbage and beard was a sponge for spit and vomit. The lard bags under his neck jiggled when his wet lips attempted to say something like, "who's first", but it really just sounded like a jelly filled balloon being dropped. Shields understood though, and readied his hands.

The corpulent vomit sponge readied his as well - blood drained from the mans face and into his fists, increasing the size of his paws significantly.  Shields noticed this, and decided to duck out at the last minute, as monks often do. As the punch was just about to connect, Shields flew under the table and flipped it over.

His party ran into the room to aid him, and a fight ensued.  It was quite a battle, and the great behemoth was eventually felled after many terribly rolled turns.  He dropped a great sword of A.S.S., which upon Eugene's history roll identified it as the sword of Alistair Santi Santos, the squire of Tresendar. The party headed back to town, and rested for the night.

### PK PK PK
After a nights rest, the party decided to go and visit the mayor of the town.  It quickly became obvious that the mayor was very much a racist, as he continually urged the party to go and kill and camp of orcs hiding on the outskirts of town.  Shiven agreed - orcs truly were the most disgusting creatures in the lands, and ridding them would not only be a service to the town, but also a service to mankind in general.  After a bit of negotiating (the deed to the mansion and 500 gold pieces), the party decided to accept the quest, and began their journey to the orc campsite.

Upon finding the cave where the orc were holed up, Eugene hatched a plan - Bismuth would attempt to lure out the orcs (as she was a dwarf, and orcs hate dwarves, right?) while Shields took out the leader (killing the orcs morale).  Unfortunately, the orcs did not fall for this plan (as their leader was a bit smarter than the party anticipated) and took the defensive.  A terrifying siege began.

Javelin after javelin was thrown at the stoic Bismuth - after 10 or so, she finally fell, incapacitated, on the ground.

Shields began running back and forth from the entrance of the cave, attempting to entice them to come out and face him.  He was met with an orc's great axe, causing him to fall.

Jamarrow attempted to use his songs, but they fell onto deaf ears.  This fight would require steel instead of song.

Eugene and Shiven let loose arrow after arrow - eventually Shiven eyed the leader, sending out two arrows for his head.  They met their mark, and the orcs ran away.

Shields lay dead, and Bismuth incapacitated.  The party rested.
