---
layout:     post
title:      "An Introduction"
subtitle:   "Dungeons and Dragons"
date:       2015-08-21 12:00:00
author:     "Bipol Alam"
header-img: "img/post-bg-01.jpg"
---


<h2 class="section-heading">Let's get started</h2>

So, this is my first blog post - but we've already played a few games, characters have been rolled, yadda yadda yadda.
We are playing the starter sets "The Mines of Phandalin" or whatever the heck it is called.  We're level 3 now, going swell.

I'll try to quickly summarise the party so these episodes aren't completely impossible to understand.

## The Team 

### Bismuth - The Meatbag

Bismuth isn't your traditional dwarf cleric, throwing axes and hammering foes.  Bismuth was gifted with the art of inaccuracy, missing
nearly every attack roll or skill check she must take.  Thankfully, being the meatbag of the team, Bismuth only needs to be a target and an occasional
healer for the party

### Jamarrow - The Idiot

I can probably summarise Jamarrow with two words - Elf Bard.  Jamarrow has many titles, most notably being the Killer of Krag (of which is disputed by many of his own party). 
Jamarrow often gets the party into dangerous yet exciting adventures, either through getting himself kidnapped, or rolling a 1 on a Charisma check.

### Eugene - The Noble One

Eugene is a Human Fighter with a large bow.  He is usually the most rational one in the group, using his skills in Law Enforcement to diffuse situations, or to incorrectly judge
the character of townsfolk.  

### Shiven - The Bloodletter

Shiven is another man with a bow.  However, he hits multiple times a turn, and does too much damage.  Once, he attempted to drink the blood of a goblin in order to intimidate some wanderers.
It didn't really work out as planned.

### Tim - F$&K!

Tim is a Gnome.  Tim is a killer.  Tim is famous.  Tim decapitated a man once, to frighten his brother.  Tim hid in a barrel once, with said head.  Tim is a folk hero.

### ???? - ????

We have another player who has yet to create his new dude.  So, this will be a placeholder until then.

And with this, you have the Indisputable 5, sometimes 4, but mostly 3.

